README.adoc, before:

= Total Recall

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3.0-blue.svg[AGPL-3.0,link="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0"] image:https://img.shields.io/badge/philosophy-Palimpsest-purple.svg[Palimpsest,link="https://github.com/hyperpolymath/palimpsest-licence"]
:toc: preamble
:toclevels: 2
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: rouge

**Project specification to be uploaded shortly.**

== Status

[cols="1,3"]
|===
| Phase | Specification pending
| Code | None yet
| Docs | Infrastructure templates only
|===

This repository has been initialised with the https://github.com/hyperpolymath/RSR-template-repo[RSR (Rhodium Standard Repository)] template infrastructure but awaits project specification and implementation.

== What's Here Now

The following infrastructure is in place:

=== Build & Automation
* `justfile` — RSR-standard task runner with ~50 recipes for build, test, lint, docs, containers, security, and validation
* `.editorconfig` — Consistent editor settings
* `.gitattributes` / `.gitignore` — Git configuration

=== CI/CD Workflows
* CodeQL analysis
* Guix/Nix policy enforcement
* Instant-sync for forge propagation
* Jekyll GitHub Pages
* Mirror workflow
* Quality checks
* RSR antipattern detection
* Security scorecard
* Well-known file enforcement

=== Community & Governance
* `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md` — Contributor Covenant 2.1 (template)
* `CONTRIBUTING.md` — Contribution guidelines (template)
* `SECURITY.md` — Security policy (template)
* Issue templates for bugs, features, docs, and questions

=== Documentation
* `docs/CITATIONS.adoc` — Citation formats (BibTeX, Harvard, OSCOLA, MLA, APA)

== Technology Stack

Per the https://github.com/hyperpolymath[Hyperpolymath] language policy:

[cols="1,2"]
|===
| Primary | ReScript, Rust, Gleam
| Runtime | Deno
| Mobile | Tauri 2.0+ / Dioxus
| Packages | Guix (primary), Nix (fallback)
| Config | Nickel, Guile Scheme
|===

See `.claude/CLAUDE.md` for the complete language policy and banned technologies.

== Getting Started

[source,bash]
----
# Clone
git clone https://github.com/hyperpolymath/total-recall.git
cd total-recall

# View available tasks
just

# Validate RSR compliance (will show missing files until project is set up)
just validate-rsr
----

== Roadmap

See link:ROADMAP.adoc[ROADMAP.adoc] for planned development phases.

== License

AGPL-3.0-or-later — See link:LICENSE.txt[LICENSE.txt]

== Contact

Hyperpolymath — https://github.com/hyperpolymath

Commit message:

Add spec and Idris2 gate docs

README.adoc, after:

= Total Recall

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3.0-blue.svg[AGPL-3.0,link="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0"] image:https://img.shields.io/badge/philosophy-Palimpsest-purple.svg[Palimpsest,link="https://github.com/hyperpolymath/palimpsest-licence"]
:toc: preamble
:toclevels: 2
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: rouge

**Project specification is available in `docs/SPEC.adoc`.**

== Status

[cols="1,3"]
|===
| Phase | Specification drafted
| Code | None yet
| Docs | SPEC + infrastructure templates
|===

This repository has been initialised with the https://github.com/hyperpolymath/RSR-template-repo[RSR (Rhodium Standard Repository)] template infrastructure and includes the initial specification.

== Standalone + Integrations

* Standalone: recovery and incident investigation toolkit
* With TotalUpdate: minimal rollback guard for production updates
* With DNFinition: rollback hooks for package operations
* With feedback-a-tron: privacy-gated sharing of incident reports
* No bundle required: install only what you need

== Idris2 Policy Gate

Outbound payloads are validated by the AmbientOps Idris2 checker before any
egress. See `docs/IDRIS2_INTEGRATION.adoc`.

== What's Here Now

The following infrastructure is in place:

=== Build & Automation
* `justfile` — RSR-standard task runner with ~50 recipes for build, test, lint, docs, containers, security, and validation
* `.editorconfig` — Consistent editor settings
* `.gitattributes` / `.gitignore` — Git configuration

=== CI/CD Workflows
* CodeQL analysis
* Guix/Nix policy enforcement
* Instant-sync for forge propagation
* Jekyll GitHub Pages
* Mirror workflow
* Quality checks
* RSR antipattern detection
* Security scorecard
* Well-known file enforcement

=== Community & Governance
* `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md` — Contributor Covenant 2.1 (template)
* `CONTRIBUTING.md` — Contribution guidelines (template)
* `SECURITY.md` — Security policy (template)
* Issue templates for bugs, features, docs, and questions

=== Documentation
* `docs/CITATIONS.adoc` — Citation formats (BibTeX, Harvard, OSCOLA, MLA, APA)

== Technology Stack

Per the https://github.com/hyperpolymath[Hyperpolymath] language policy:

[cols="1,2"]
|===
| Primary | ReScript, Rust, Gleam
| Runtime | Deno
| Mobile | Tauri 2.0+ / Dioxus
| Packages | Guix (primary), Nix (fallback)
| Config | Nickel, Guile Scheme
|===

See `.claude/CLAUDE.md` for the complete language policy and banned technologies.

== Getting Started

[source,bash]
----
# Clone
git clone https://github.com/hyperpolymath/total-recall.git
cd total-recall

# View available tasks
just

# Validate RSR compliance (will show missing files until project is set up)
just validate-rsr
----

== Roadmap

See link:ROADMAP.adoc[ROADMAP.adoc] for planned development phases.

== License

AGPL-3.0-or-later — See link:LICENSE.txt[LICENSE.txt]

== Contact

Hyperpolymath — https://github.com/hyperpolymath
